another problem no the mt and it's a
non-empty brother is the screws the
little silver screws the heads aren't
the hex head the hexes in the heads
aren't really the proper size they're a
little too big the screws are a little
too soft can you try to tighten them you
round them out easily you can damage
these screws with ease on the GT you
have nice quality black oxide steel
screws they fit the head to the allen
wrench very well you don't have to worry
about stripping them out good screws
almost throughout there's a couple
little silver screws here and there but
in having problems with them what they I
did don't have a problem with on this GT
is the travel of my rotor assembly back
here it tended to be have the ability to
travel too far in that direction as far
as towards towards a stabilizer in order
and it would travel so far the little
black arms on it good luck and or go in
and get stuck and you can get it
couldn't be put back by a servo not good
so in order to prevent that I put a
plastic washer just to the outside of
the tail of the cage assembly back here
and that prevents too much throw in this
direction mechanically so that can't
happen even mechanically in the gyro
settings fail radio settings fail it
cannot lock mechanically anymore good
idea on my part another good thing about
the GT can't see to this video but the
motor mount is a aluminum plate there's
a couple good things about that one the
screws are just long enough so that you
get the motor in place without a washer
so and at the same scenario with the
empty but the empty has a plastic mount
and when you try to tighten the screw or
you're really getting it tight because
you're kind of squeezing into the
plastic you gotta count depend on your
lock tight that's that's okay to an
extent but you're not getting your
screws as tight as you can with the GT
plus since it's aluminum that also acts
as a heat sink other than that minor
difference is if you are using an FM or
long antenna radio system your antenna
mounts are beneath the skids where is it
on the empty here's another little known
issue the mt versus the GT let's go back
to those uh rod guides again for the
rotor control notice the little mount
that the stable the vertical state
horizontal stabilizer is screw to see
how it's kind of floating above the rod
there that's because I had to cut it off
it was a not the right link to match up
with the other two guides so all I did
was put a being in the bar completely
useless and it was in the way it got cut
off the GT a little more thought into it
it's aluminum I really hoping I've got
to cut it off but guess what it has a
little slotted cook so that does not
getting away at all it also looks a lot
better nothing to cut off there so we
got tighter guides and an aluminum mount
there that looks pretty good nothing to
cut nothing to modify much better what
it comes down to if you haven't figured
out yet this three dollars extra will
worth it another nothing to note is the
blade grips are wider on the GT not
necessarily that's a better thing is
just something to note i notice that
it's wider so i'm just missing it the
fly ball weights on the GT have two set
screws to hold them in place of one
come loose you still have the other one
as a redundant system to hold them in
place the weights on the mt the typical
one screw to hold a play that haven't
had a problem with that but then again I
didn't have it very long before I
crashed it either I got to say one thing
with Mt though it's been the dog on
sturdy helicopter he crashed hard there
was hardly any damage had 25 bucks worth
of damage and that was it it's good it's
of I bought new parts or